three we can experience offensive court
no I'm videotaping him walking on his
bill what Walker forces dive around he's
at my fence he's looking around seeing
what's going on that is a big bear oh
god this is the mother with the babies
because you look over here you can see
the babies they're the baby bears yeah
that's the little brown cub oh my god
there's the baby
other baby cub oh okay because uh mother
bear's there too she's big
look I'll either try to get out I said
I'm coming down into my yard and they're
just scampering through just playing and
let me hang to my all my front some of
them were there with my sliding glass
door this one's trying to the little
Cubs but that can be dangerous because
mama bears around you so say without
making sure you don't do anything that
startles Mama Bear
but I'm saying they try to climb up my
vagina roll I don't know where mom is
and I'm not going to go out and find out
either now what's happening now is the
mama bears managed to get somebody
else's garbage unfortunately and she's
taking it into the green belt where she
has the babies are waiting for her